1	an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 
0	an awful snooze . 
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
0	belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
1	witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 
0	neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
1	despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 
0	it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
1	visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative . 
1	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take . 
0	in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
1	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
0	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 
1	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 
1	a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family . 
0	this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 
1	what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 
1	a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley . 
1	at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best . 
0	there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
0	while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
0	even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 
0	has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
0	gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 
1	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second . 
0	sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
1	cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
1	if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here . 
1	ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet ! 
0	both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
0	a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
1	there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
1	like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 
0	although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at . 
1	this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space . 
1	the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 
0	strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
0	[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 
0	none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
1	an enthralling , entertaining feature . 
0	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
1	adaptation is simply brilliant . 
1	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 
0	hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
1	one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 
1	for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 
1	an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 
0	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
0	offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm . 
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
1	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being . 
1	a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy . 
0	a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
0	what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
1	the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 
1	[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
1	another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez . 
0	marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 
1	made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes . 
0	try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
1	weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 
1	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
1	it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 
1	jagger the actor is someone you want to see again . 
0	the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
0	if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
1	an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction . 
1	nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head . 
0	despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one . 
0	an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 
1	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
0	this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 
1	fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
1	really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
0	once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard . 
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
0	sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
0	much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 
1	what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 
1	 . . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life . 
1	intriguing and stylish . 
0	a real snooze . 
0	lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
0	the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
0	the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
0	though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set . 
0	the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
0	 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
0	all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
0	the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
0	has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
0	 " my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley . 
1	she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
0	devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
1	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives . 
1	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
1	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 
0	the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
1	it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 
0	the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
0	enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
1	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms . 
0	there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
1	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
1	although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 
0	at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
0	 . . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 
1	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens . 
0	i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 
1	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 
0	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
1	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 
1	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
0	when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
1	morton deserves an oscar nomination . 
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
0	the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor . 
0	claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
0	an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
0	almost gags on its own gore . 
1	despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 
0	a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
0	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
1	nice piece of work . 
0	moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
1	wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 
0	strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression . 
1	the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold . 
0	it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
1	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time . 
1	a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
0	even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
1	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
1	though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 
1	as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records . 
1	despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
0	the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change . 
1	almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . . 
0	this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics . 
1	turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
0	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
1	an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
1	both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 
0	to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
1	almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent . 
0	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
0	every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
1	ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . 
1	liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image . 
0	better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
1	that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 
0	 . . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers . 
1	it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 
1	disturbing and brilliant documentary . 
0	credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter . 
1	a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history . 
0	are monsters born , or made ? 
1	one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 
0	 . . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying . 
0	mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
0	apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
0	[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
1	it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 
1	is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out . 
1	fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn . 
0	it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
0	it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
0	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now . 
0	this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
1	the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 
1	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 
1	it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
1	the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time . 
0	makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
0	build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 
1	legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral . 
1	another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better . 
1	 " me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades . 
1	not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 
0	its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
1	a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony . 
0	too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
0	more tiring than anything . 
0	there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity . 
1	one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
0	manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
1	subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius . 
1	funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 
0	no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 
1	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
1	throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 
0	woody , what happened ? 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
0	the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental . 
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
1	an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy . 
0	impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 
1	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim . 
1	strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
1	it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 
0	not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
0	a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
1	those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
0	doesn't really add up to much . 
1	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 
1	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
0	beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
1	'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
1	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment . 
1	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
0	costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 
0	the film is flat . 
1	although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
1	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
0	nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns . 
1	i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
0	would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
1	although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women . 
0	although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
0	an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
1	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género . 
1	deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 
1	 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 
0	the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
1	anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 
1	audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit . 
1	happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match . 
1	it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 
1	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it . 
0	while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 
0	technically and artistically inept . 
0	arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie . 
1	ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar . 
1	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 
1	scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism . 
0	zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight . 
0	though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
0	an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that . 
1	one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight . 
1	 " the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble . 
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
1	if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years . 
0	viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
0	a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
1	writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 
1	assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel . 
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
0	in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " . 
0	it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ‘em together here . 
0	the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 
0	never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
1	the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 
1	a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 
0	spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
1	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 
1	a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 
1	a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors . 
1	a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship . 
1	a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 
1	waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality . 
1	a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
1	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 
0	a moving picture that does not move . 
0	 . . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity . 
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
1	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness . 
1	it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 
1	the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 
1	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment . 
0	this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
0	about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
0	it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
1	boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer . 
0	[t]oo many of these gross out scenes . . . 
0	the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
1	[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 
1	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
0	been there done that . 
1	a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 
0	nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
1	flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance . 
1	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
0	believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
1	sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
0	a film that loses sight of its own story . 
1	an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 
1	it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant . 
0	proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
0	it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
0	this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
0	this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 
1	you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
0	a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
1	gives everyone something to shout about . 
1	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 
0	a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
1	like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 
0	the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
1	hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 
0	shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
1	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful . 
1	makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun . 
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
1	 " simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
0	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
1	ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier . 
0	this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 
0	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
1	the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 
0	chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
0	we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
1	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 
0	a big fat pain . 
1	a beautifully observed character piece . 
1	as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
1	an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected . 
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
0	what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
1	it's stylishly directed with verve . . . 
1	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage . 
0	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
0	not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate . 
1	pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
0	 " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
0	solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
0	eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
0	mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
1	a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
0	reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 
1	it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 
1	 . . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 
1	henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
1	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 
1	you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
1	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 
0	involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters . 
1	as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut . 
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
1	diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy . 
0	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
1	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work . 
1	the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy . 
1	 . . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
0	de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
0	this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
1	strange and beautiful film . 
0	the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
0	to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
0	the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
0	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna . 
1	a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not . 
1	serious and thoughtful . 
1	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 
1	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
0	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film . 
0	the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
0	this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for . 
0	what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
0	a ragbag of cliches . 
1	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
1	 . . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones . 
0	a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 
0	a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
1	graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 
0	this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 
0	the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
1	on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 
1	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play . 
1	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
0	a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
1	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
1	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 
0	director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback . 
0	so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
1	there's a lot to recommend read my lips . 
1	if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you . 
1	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
0	crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
0	it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
1	a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 
1	the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr . 
1	delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 
1	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
1	a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
1	a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life . 
0	 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
0	lurid and less than lucid work . 
0	this is a truly , truly bad movie . 
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored . 
1	humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 
0	the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 
0	you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
1	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
0	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 
0	at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
1	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 
0	a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
0	it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
0	christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
0	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
1	chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement . 
1	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
1	 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
1	a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy . 
0	the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
0	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
1	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
1	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why . 
0	it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
0	an awkward and indigestible movie . 
0	odd and weird . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
0	by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
1	it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
1	by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 
1	i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 
1	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience . 
1	this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed . 
1	alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
1	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 
1	 . . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
0	fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
0	one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0	one of the worst films of 2002 . 
0	no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either . 
0	it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
1	 . . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 
1	great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 
1	most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
0	i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
1	she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 
0	a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek . 
1	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts . 
0	it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
1	once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . . 
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 
1	quite funny for the type of movie it is . . . 
1	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
1	the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script's bad ideas and awkwardness . 
1	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere . 
0	the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
1	an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years . 
1	the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 
1	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
1	the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide . 
0	the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore's the scarlet letter . 
1	 " the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
1	those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
0	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
0	a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 
0	in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
1	we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef . 
0	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
1	for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out . 
0	doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence . 
1	there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm . 
0	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
0	skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
0	everyone's to blame here . 
1	stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 
1	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 
1	wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 
1	as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting . 
1	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love . 
0	 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
1	this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach . 
0	while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 
1	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . " 
0	be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
1	malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool . 
0	it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
1	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get . 
0	the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
1	it is quite a vision . 
1	giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 
0	a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
1	ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious . 
0	a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
1	it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
1	meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 
1	it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all . 
0	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
1	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
0	sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
0	while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
1	steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
1	i couldn't recommend this film more . 
1	 . . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism . 
0	' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
0	murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 
1	evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
1	the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 
0	here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
1	it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 
0	it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
1	as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 
0	a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
0	low rent from frame one . 
1	seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but . 
0	slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
0	 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
1	most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 
1	parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 
1	ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it . 
1	an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world . 
0	more of a career curio than a major work . 
0	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
0	these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
1	the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 
0	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
1	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
1	the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
0	simplistic , silly and tedious . 
0	spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
1	jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
0	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
0	there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double . 
1	writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres . 
1	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are . 
0	despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
1	genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love . 
1	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck . 
1	a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 
1	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree . 
0	an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 
0	absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
1	a warm , funny , engaging film . 
0	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
1	boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 
1	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
0	big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities . 
0	prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
1	darkly funny and frequently insightful . 
1	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 
1	arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 
0	the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess . 
0	directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
1	 . it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . . 
1	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 
0	[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy . 
0	will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting . 
0	mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 
1	charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 
1	you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
1	 ( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
1	hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title . 
0	this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
1	 . . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 
1	campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
1	the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 
0	the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
1	what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you . 
0	it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . . 
1	this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 
1	he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer . 
0	this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through . 
1	jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 
1	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
0	[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism . 
0	full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
1	a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 
0	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
1	fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 
1	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
1	a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 
1	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 
1	a model of what films like this should be like . 
0	it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
1	a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
1	like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
0	there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
0	a dreary indulgence . 
1	the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre . 
0	the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version . 
0	guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest . 
0	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
1	it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen . 
1	thoughtful , provocative and entertaining . 
1	if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 
0	mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
1	despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 
1	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
0	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
0	[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material . 
1	deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history . 
1	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
1	streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter . 
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
1	by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 
0	amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . " 
0	this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
0	the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
1	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 
0	each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
0	has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
1	hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues . 
1	a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 
1	there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash . 
0	even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
1	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition . 
0	whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
0	whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
0	really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
1	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 
1	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
1	film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout . 
0	more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
0	has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
1	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 
1	few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
0	instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 
0	 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
0	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
1	delirious fun . 
0	its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
0	slick piece of cross-promotion . 
1	damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] . 
1	miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 
1	often hilarious . 
1	the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies . 
0	a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 
1	when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 
0	the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
1	an imaginative comedy/thriller . 
1	an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 
0	there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
0	morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
1	a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
1	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
0	what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
0	it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 
1	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 
0	a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 
0	 . . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
0	the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
0	i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
0	because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling . 
1	a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
1	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 
0	a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 
1	as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 
1	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
0	for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming . 
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
0	a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
1	though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance . 
0	shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme . 
0	a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
1	watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . 
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
1	[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists . 
0	theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
0	haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
0	there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
1	an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone . 
1	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
0	with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
1	the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work . 
1	while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
1	perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen . 
1	 " it's all about the image . " 
0	makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
1	a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 
1	this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
1	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 
1	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
1	stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
0	the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 
0	lástima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones . 
1	'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
0	all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
0	a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
0	offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented . 
1	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 
0	while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
1	spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 
0	this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
0	there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters . 
1	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
0	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
0	it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 
0	 . . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects . 
0	a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
0	all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
0	as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable . 
1	a creaky staircase gothic . 
0	an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work . 
1	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
0	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing . 
0	a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
1	unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
0	less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
1	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption . 
1	an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 
1	filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 
0	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought . 
1	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career . 
1	cold , nervy and memorable . 
0	in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags . 
0	all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
0	all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
1	a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 
1	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy . 
0	richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold . 
1	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 
1	becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 
0	what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
0	j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
1	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 
0	calculated swill . 
1	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more . 
0	there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
0	[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them . 
1	more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent . 
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
1	this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade . 
1	 " the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . " 
1	 . . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 
0	just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 
0	the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 
0	the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
1	for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 
0	though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
1	starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look . 
1	murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget . 
0	the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
1	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
0	in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
1	dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny . 
1	if you like peace , you'll like promises . 
1	 . . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation . 
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
1	rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 
1	i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 
1	a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy . 
1	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
0	this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
1	combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
1	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious . 
1	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
0	denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
1	the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff . 
0	arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces . 
0	the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
0	the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
1	it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal . 
0	in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
1	not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 
1	 . . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 
0	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 
0	the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
1	filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 
1	while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind . 
1	the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
0	a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 
1	it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate . 
0	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
0	one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
1	it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite . 
0	the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 
0	we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 
1	gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested . 
1	there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 
0	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
0	it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us . 
0	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
0	what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
1	worth a look as a curiosity . 
1	the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most . 
1	despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
0	director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
1	but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one . 
0	when the film ended , i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while . 
0	scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
1	there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
0	 . . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits . 
0	the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
0	director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 
1	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 
0	what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
1	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers . 
0	predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
0	this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
1	a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted . 
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
1	grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors . 
0	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
0	'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
1	i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute . 
1	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
1	oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck ! 
1	even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 
1	everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse . 
1	most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 
0	a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 
0	a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
0	nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
1	a wonderful character-based comedy . 
0	nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting . 
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
1	with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
0	this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
1	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
0	a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion . 
0	kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
0	'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad . 
0	to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east . 
1	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
0	as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all . 
0	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure . 
0	sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
0	while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
0	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
0	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
1	if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 
1	not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes . 
0	high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
1	a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 
1	an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 
1	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
0	 . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
0	totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
0	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz . 
1	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 
0	 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 
1	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
1	a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 
1	it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 
1	a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences . 
1	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed . 
1	a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
1	it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert . 
1	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
1	a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 
1	not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies . 
0	such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 
0	aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
1	this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 
1	if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror . 
1	like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
1	would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
1	witless but watchable . 
1	a weird , arresting little ride . 
1	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting . 
0	master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
1	as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 
1	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you . 
1	k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 
0	no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
1	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
0	the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
1	a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
1	an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 
1	in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 
1	much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky . 
0	behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
0	an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' . 
1	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach . 
0	too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
0	when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
1	there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine . 
0	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep . 
0	seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
0	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
1	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
1	an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career . 
1	while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 
1	lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios . 
1	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power . 
1	throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
0	the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
0	bad and baffling from the get-go . 
1	 ( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . . 
0	the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
0	these characters become wearisome . 
1	like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series . 
1	majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast . 
1	by turns very dark and very funny . 
0	the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
1	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast . 
1	to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much . 
1	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
1	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 
0	animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
1	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies . 
0	 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
1	vera's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances . 
0	everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
1	the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance . 
1	 . . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . . 
1	in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 
1	the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen . 
1	among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 
1	at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 
0	one of the most highly-praised disappointments i've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 
0	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
1	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 
1	moving and vibrant . 
0	i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
1	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 
1	generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down . 
1	a movie with a real anarchic flair . 
0	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
0	velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene . 
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
0	it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did . 
1	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten . 
0	an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film . 
0	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done . 
1	a funny film . 
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
0	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
1	chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 
0	coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 
1	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 
1	kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 
1	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 
1	the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 
1	even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 
0	empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
0	yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
1	the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . . 
0	despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
1	there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok . 
1	the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 
0	instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 
0	splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
0	there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
1	enticing and often funny documentary . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
1	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
1	the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 
0	none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
0	 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
1	kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
1	terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 
0	if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
1	alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 
1	charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie . 
1	 " frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning . 
0	 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
0	quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
1	though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters . 
0	the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
0	one thing's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
0	don't even bother to rent this on video . 
1	a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality . 
1	hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love . 
0	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
1	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't . 
0	'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
0	 . . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride . 
1	leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 
0	got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
0	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
0	anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
0	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
1	until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 
0	i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
0	though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
0	there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters . 
0	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 
1	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 
1	though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous . 
1	very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
0	the film's center will not hold . 
1	reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
0	it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 
0	fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 
1	birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
1	the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen . 
1	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento " 
0	too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped . 
0	fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
1	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all . 
1	everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing . 
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
1	 . . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
1	family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 
1	an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind . 
1	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
0	 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
0	unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
0	chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
1	about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 
0	can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
0	impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
0	putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 
0	this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
1	 . . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' . 
0	it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
1	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 
0	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
1	an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . . 
0	never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
1	full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 
0	 " looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 
1	the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 
0	the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
1	too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 
0	traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
0	what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
1	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions . 
1	highly watchable stuff . 
1	a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 
0	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 
1	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured . 
1	not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
1	strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 
1	an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 
1	murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier . 
1	an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 
0	the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
0	jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 
1	we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed . 
0	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
0	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
0	most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most . 
0	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year . 
0	this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
1	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon . 
1	cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . . 
0	writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
0	blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
1	though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 
1	ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
0	every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point . 
1	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
0	the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
0	 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
0	a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
1	a fascinating and fun film . 
0	verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies . 
0	allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
0	everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
1	for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 
0	lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
0	it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
0	eh . 
0	the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
1	its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for . 
0	i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 
0	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 
0	as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
1	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
0	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 
1	isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films . 
0	[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now . 
1	frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen . 
1	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory . 
0	the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
0	the only thing " swept away " is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 
1	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
0	slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
0	everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
1	most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds . 
1	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 
1	hardly a film that comes along every day . 
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 
0	its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda . 
1	it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
1	bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
1	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
1	one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 
1	neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula . 
1	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
0	the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
1	a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other . 
1	a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 
0	it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction . 
0	a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 
1	i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
1	more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
1	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 
1	a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 
1	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 
1	foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 
1	good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences . 
1	visually striking and viscerally repellent . 
1	it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth . 
1	works as pretty contagious fun . 
1	reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich . 
0	a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
1	the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
0	i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
0	directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
1	a clever blend of fact and fiction . 
1	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out . 
1	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 
1	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
0	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ? 
1	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 
1	what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 
1	the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters . 
1	the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . 
0	something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 
1	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
0	 " abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 
1	seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
0	several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 
0	stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
1	tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 
0	sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
0	sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
0	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
0	everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script . 
0	by-the-numbers yarn . 
1	like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 
1	sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation . 
0	if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
1	jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) . 
0	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected . 
1	narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor . 
0	instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
1	this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
1	not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 
1	a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 
0	the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
1	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 
0	what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 
0	adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
0	any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
1	the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 
0	his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
0	a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
0	given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done . 
1	edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery . 
0	earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
1	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card . 
0	just not campy enough
0	while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut . 
0	the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 
0	the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
0	this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie . 
0	too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
0	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
0	as steamy as last week's pork dumplings . 
0	lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 
1	the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up . 
1	the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one . 
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
0	literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
1	i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
0	an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
0	the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 
0	if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special . 
1	there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief . 
0	this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
1	a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 
0	it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
1	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 
0	scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
0	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 
1	troubling and powerful . 
0	somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
1	nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 
0	a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
0	on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
1	dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 
0	the script ? please . 
0	serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
1	compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
0	murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous . 
0	a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
1	with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 
1	murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth . 
0	herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
0	filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
0	this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
1	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time . 
1	with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 
1	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor . 
1	koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 
1	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
0	nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
0	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
1	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life . 
0	for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences . 
1	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
1	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 
0	director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
1	although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers . 
1	the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
0	at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 
1	even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth . 
1	mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt . 
1	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 
0	there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
0	this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
0	it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake . 
0	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects . 
1	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
1	at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 
0	looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
0	cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
0	a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
0	part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole . 
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
0	a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
1	no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes . 
1	like a south-of-the-border melrose place . 
0	obvious
1	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
0	cinematic poo . 
0	the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
1	 . . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report . 
1	spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 
1	both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 
1	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 
1	vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 
0	despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
1	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
1	a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 
1	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 
0	seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory . 
1	it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 
1	a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 
0	tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 
0	there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
1	made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
1	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible . 
0	humor in i spy is so anemic . 
0	despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
0	philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
1	'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
1	a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 
1	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives . 
0	plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
1	a charmer from belgium . 
0	scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
0	a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
0	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
1	a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession . 
1	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
0	while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
1	'aunque recurre a ciertos clichés del género , la poderosa actuación de robin williams perdona las fallas del guión . '
0	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
0	a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
1	it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
1	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume . 
0	rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
1	i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way . 
0	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before . 
1	this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer . 
0	that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point . 
1	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
0	storytelling feels slight . 
0	only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
1	begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 
1	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one . 
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
1	there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 
1	 . . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology . 
1	it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie . 
0	la de salma es una versión de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningún contenido . 
0	due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
1	there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys . 
0	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 
1	though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone . 
0	this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
1	 . . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
1	not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 
0	for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero . 
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
0	unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
1	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
1	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie . 
1	a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 
1	mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 
1	drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 
1	a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 
0	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
1	the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
1	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 
0	it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
0	the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
0	while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
0	ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
0	you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
1	a perceptive , good-natured movie . 
0	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
1	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun . 
1	once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either . 
0	'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
0	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 
1	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches . 
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
0	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
0	 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
1	simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
0	'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
0	an opportunity missed . 
1	neatly constructed thriller . 
0	for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
1	it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started . 
0	due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality . 
1	a remarkable film by bernard rose . 
0	it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
1	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
1	it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 
0	one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
1	enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 
1	more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 
0	the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense . 
1	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 
1	fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 
0	if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
1	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple . 
1	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
0	visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
1	half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
0	a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 
1	it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant . 
1	a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience . 
1	a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable . 
1	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes . 
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
1	a conventional but heartwarming tale . 
0	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well . 
0	historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
0	the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
0	dramatically lackluster . 
1	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 
0	 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
1	offers that rare combination of entertainment and education . 
1	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 
1	the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
0	it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
0	a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle . 
1	spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
1	the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 
0	things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 
1	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow . 
0	the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun – toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout . 
0	skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
1	it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 
0	all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
1	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 
0	shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
0	a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
1	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
0	it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 
0	este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
1	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
1	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 
1	hard to resist . 
1	pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . 
0	there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
1	undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 
1	a great companion piece to other napoleon films . 
1	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 
1	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know . 
0	a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
0	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
0	the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
1	this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be . 
0	 . . . they missed the boat . 
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
1	a dazzling dream of a documentary . 
0	as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
0	a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
0	it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
1	surprisingly powerful and universal . 
1	'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
1	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 
1	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 
0	a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
1	it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while . 
1	a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past . 
0	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
1	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
1	a moving , if uneven , success . 
1	sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments . 
0	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to . 
1	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 
1	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
1	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 
0	whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
0	it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 
1	the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable . 
0	this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
0	good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 
1	exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 
1	birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns . 
0	green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
0	just a bloody mess . 
1	this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities . 
0	has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
1	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 
1	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists . 
1	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts . 
1	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
1	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true . 
0	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
1	an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad . 
1	pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 
1	there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent . 
0	the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
1	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 
1	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
1	for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half . 
0	just plain silly . 
1	an almost unbearably morbid love story . 
1	a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness . 
1	the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 
1	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth . 
1	gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 
1	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
1	a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
0	solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
0	say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue . 
1	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
1	a tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
1	the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up . 
0	analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
0	it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 
1	in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st . 
1	manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas . 
1	reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
1	michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being . 
0	it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 
1	succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 
0	it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
0	a movie to forget
0	the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 
0	the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
0	the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
0	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 
1	there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases . 
1	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
1	the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 
0	other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
1	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
1	one can't deny its seriousness and quality . 
0	this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
1	el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . . 
1	 . . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down . 
1	it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family . 
1	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent . 
1	it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 
1	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . " 
1	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
0	an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
1	while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
1	seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 
1	the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth . 
0	 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
1	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 
1	there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
0	drowning's too good for this sucker . 
1	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 
1	noyce has worked wonders with the material . 
0	a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
0	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
1	 . . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 
1	though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 
1	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
1	simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . 
1	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme . 
1	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 
1	more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original . 
1	wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
0	full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 
0	teen movies have really hit the skids . 
0	the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
0	one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
1	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 
1	peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
1	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons . 
0	it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
0	a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards . 
0	the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
1	it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match . 
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
1	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
1	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
0	director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
1	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
0	home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice . 
1	a taut , sobering film . 
0	this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
1	although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious . 
0	the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
0	it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
1	jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 
1	michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
0	just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls . 
0	nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too . 
0	a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it . 
0	howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 
1	a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality . 
0	enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
0	every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 
0	you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
0	dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
1	if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you . 
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is . 
0	some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
0	 . . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense . 
1	for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 
0	only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
1	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran . 
0	alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
0	directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
1	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
1	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 
1	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood . 
0	the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
0	…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 
0	 " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um… . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
0	delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
0	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
0	it drowns in sap . 
1	…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 
1	comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 
1	this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 
0	the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
1	unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 
1	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
1	veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures . 
1	unflinchingly bleak and desperate
0	innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
1	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family . 
1	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 
0	despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
0	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 
1	lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 
1	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length . 
1	much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 
1	the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 
1	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark . 
0	could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 
1	i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
1	a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies . 
0	ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
1	an exquisitely crafted and acted tale . 
0	 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
0	could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
0	though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
1	while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging . 
1	has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 
1	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . . 
0	automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
1	compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady . 
0	it's just plain boring . 
1	it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie . 
0	like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
1	elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 
0	it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance . 
1	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes . 
1	the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system . 
0	christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
1	from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 
1	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 
1	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 
1	mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 
0	the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 
1	it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 
1	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes . 
1	a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
0	the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful . 
1	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given . 
1	schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor . 
0	even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
1	this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 
0	new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 
1	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
0	go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
1	the gags are often a stitch . 
1	a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity . 
1	while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story . 
0	it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel . 
1	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
1	[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
1	bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 
0	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
1	a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 
0	troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional . 
0	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
0	city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
0	much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 
1	all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit . 
1	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time . 
0	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
1	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 
1	my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here . 
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 
1	while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original . 
0	this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life . 
1	one of [herzog's] least inspired works . 
1	it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 
0	episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
1	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
0	it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 
1	the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 
0	pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 
1	nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year . 
1	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 
1	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
1	in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue . 
0	the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
1	 . . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen . 
0	apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other . 
0	it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
0	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
0	full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
1	sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . . 
0	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
1	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke . 
1	insightfully written , delicately performed
1	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
1	the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task . 
1	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
1	an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays . 
1	with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 
0	human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control . 
1	[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 
0	presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
0	the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters . 
0	 . . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
0	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
1	take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year . 
1	painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
0	stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind . 
1	schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 
1	whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie . 
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
0	to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
1	a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance . 
0	this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
0	ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls . 
0	haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
0	the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
1	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing . 
0	wait for it to hit cable . 
0	klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
0	feeble comedy . 
0	not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
1	the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 
1	we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones . 
1	aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
0	the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
0	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
0	the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) . 
1	a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion . 
0	a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
1	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
1	the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy . 
1	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
0	instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
0	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
0	this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
1	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl . 
1	over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
1	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion . 
0	is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
1	it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max . 
0	nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle . 
1	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
0	it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 
1	disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself . 
1	a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
0	an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories . 
0	director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
0	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
1	smarter than its commercials make it seem . 
0	millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
1	an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale . 
0	hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 
0	utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
1	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes . 
1	earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
1	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids . 
0	doesn't add up to much . 
0	so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 
0	lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
1	intelligent and moving . 
0	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
1	for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 
0	there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
0	the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
1	if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
1	it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
1	remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand . 
1	smart , provocative and blisteringly funny . 
0	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold . 
0	there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
0	the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned . 
1	quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 
1	makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 
1	rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 
1	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 
1	more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films . 
0	it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
1	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 
0	the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
0	no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
1	an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
0	an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
1	easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 
0	this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
1	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
1	while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 
0	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
1	there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 
1	bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 
1	this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 
0	it's all surface psychodramatics . 
1	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
0	oozes condescension from every pore . 
1	if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
0	a grating , emaciated flick . 
0	feels familiar and tired . 
1	significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition . 
1	it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
1	this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back . 
1	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
1	this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 
0	slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by . 
1	a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 
0	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
0	peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
0	may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
1	exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
1	as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 
1	the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
1	as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 
1	makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands . 
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
1	it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 
1	one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 
1	writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal . 
0	just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
1	jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory . 
1	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out . 
0	scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
1	devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 
0	well-meaning but inert . 
0	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
0	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 
1	a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 
1	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 
1	one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 
1	 . . . an interesting slice of history . 
1	about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him . 
0	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
0	real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
0	do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
1	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
0	while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
1	it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds . 
0	[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . . 
1	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 
1	possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
1	that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
1	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended . 
0	[a] poorly executed comedy . 
1	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 
1	manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
1	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
1	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
1	it's a count for our times . 
0	a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
0	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year . 
1	the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . 
1	a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 
1	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream . 
1	an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash . 
1	the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 
1	this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 
1	as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 
1	all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 
0	if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead . 
1	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful . 
1	the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 
0	will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
1	devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 
0	terminally brain dead production . 
0	the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 
0	there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
0	 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
1	though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 
0	it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 
0	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
0	a picture as erratic as its central character . 
1	ferrara's best film in years . 
1	el peso de un líquido incoloro , el peso del líquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . . 
1	about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance . 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
1	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 
0	an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
1	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
0	too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
1	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories . 
1	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
1	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain . 
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
0	it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
1	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
1	witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
1	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border . 
1	a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 
1	its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
1	the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
1	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 
1	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 
1	even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing . 
0	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 
1	finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first . 
0	exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
0	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
1	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 
1	the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
1	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
0	the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized . 
0	as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
0	i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 
1	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep . 
1	this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is . 
0	a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
1	westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing . 
0	on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 
1	for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 
1	o Último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar . 
0	there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
0	releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
1	offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
0	it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
1	if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 
0	 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
0	you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
1	not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 
1	it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes . 
0	the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
0	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins . 
1	expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 
0	expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery . 
0	let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
0	no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go . 
0	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
0	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
0	ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 
1	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him . 
1	not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective . 
0	disjointed parody . 
1	más sarcástica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos . 
0	no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
0	the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
0	kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
1	a potent allegorical love story . 
0	the movie bounces all over the map . 
0	no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
0	you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 
1	proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 
1	another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
1	superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 
1	if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 
0	a dreary movie . 
0	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
1	the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 
1	although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
1	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
1	last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues . 
0	[a] stuporously solemn film . 
0	as saccharine as it is disposable . 
0	the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
0	i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
0	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 
1	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
1	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women . 
1	fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 
0	displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
0	barely goes beyond comic book status . 
1	it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world . 
1	either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks . 
0	the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject . 
1	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
1	ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . . 
1	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand . 
0	paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
0	an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 
1	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . . 
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
1	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 
0	just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 
0	high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
1	 " birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost . 
0	potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
1	this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad . 
1	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 
0	in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar . 
1	thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami . 
0	director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale . 
0	there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
0	mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
0	solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
1	although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun . 
0	if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
1	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
1	[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity . 
0	feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
1	kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 
1	highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 
1	overall very good for what it's trying to do . 
1	for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . 
1	the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
0	as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
0	it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
1	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
0	it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's . 
1	though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them . 
1	the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
1	it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 
0	a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy . 
1	director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 
0	a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
1	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
1	this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher . 
0	the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
1	whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time . 
0	whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
0	ecks this one off your must-see list . 
1	it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 
1	an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 
0	hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
0	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
1	a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
1	brave and sweetly rendered love story . 
0	carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
0	it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) . 
0	more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
0	sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
1	to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance . 
0	throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
1	disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem . 
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
0	dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 
1	intriguing and downright intoxicating . 
0	a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
1	for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice . 
1	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . . 
0	passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless . 
1	can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 
1	saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion . 
0	 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
1	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 
0	everything is off . 
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 
1	with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 
0	supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
1	amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 
0	contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
1	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 
1	the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts . 
0	the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess . 
0	death might be a release . 
1	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
0	given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
0	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all . 
1	celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat . 
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
0	martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio . 
0	 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
1	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 
1	 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
1	i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man . 
1	what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
0	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares . 
1	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
0	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
1	combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 
1	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
1	i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
0	twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task . 
1	thanks to the château's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 
1	the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 
1	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart . 
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
0	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
1	a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
1	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
1	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another . 
0	you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
1	greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders . 
0	there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them . 
1	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama . 
1	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 
1	walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment . 
1	this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 
1	all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
0	paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
1	leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom . 
0	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together . 
1	remarkably accessible and affecting . 
0	the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
1	watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 
0	godawful boring slug of a movie . 
0	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion . 
0	one of the worst movies of the year . 
0	i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
0	the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film . 
1	this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 
1	it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 
